1)Analyzed the MH  phase-2 requirement
2)Written test scenarios for MH phase 2 change request (Modification in schedule submission internal user and logic for schedule file uploading).
3)Written test cases for internal schedule submission by web and by template.
4)Executed test case for Modification in schedule submission internal user.
5)Held a meeting with SLDC client regarding MH_Phase 2 feasibility study.
6)Executed schedule submission by web and by template internal build test cases.
7)Written and Executed GTAM_PXI,GTAM_IEX, GTAM_HPX test cases.
8)Designed test cases for separate  inter and intra contracts by using Boundary value analysis technique.
9)WA 15 minute configuration functionality tested 
10)RTM functionality tested 
11)Smoke testing,component testing,component integration testing, system testing,end- to,end testing,and database testing is conducted  to ensure the software works as per requirements.
12)In Jira all bug  reports were added.
13)Executed MH_FAT Test book test cases for Phase 2 change request functionalities.
14)Analysis of MH_New JSON changes document and designing high-level requirement components.
15)Created Upstream and downstreams, scheduling entities, and Points of schedule.
16)Tested dynamic contract creation functionalities.
17)Re-testing bug fixes for dynamic contract creation
18)Exploratory testing for Phase 2 change functionalities.
19)End-to-end system testing following the implementation of new functionalities.
20)Prepared workflow summary for new change request MSLDC.
21)Written test cases new feature changes related to inter-contract functionality on the registration>contract submission page.
22)Tested new feature changes related to inter-contract functionality on the registration>contract submission page.
23)Provided knowledge transfer to Jayashree on the POS util module and contract creation module.
24)All the necessary actions to access software quality are taken to ensure the smooth working of the software as expected .


